Fix a link error (#102)
eecs280staff/tutorials: docs/setup_git.md

...
```

> First, double-check your `.gitignore`.  Go [back](#create-a-local-repository) if necessary and re-download it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, double-check your `.gitignore`.  Go [back](#add-a-gitignore-file) if necessary and re-download it.
```
